Document adding Firebase env vars to App Center (#199)
ueno-llc/react-native-starter: docs/SERVICES.md

Download the **GoogleService-Info.plist** file and save as `./ios/<appName>/GoogleService-Info.plist`.

> If using App Center, base64 encode this file and add it as an env var `$GOOGLE_SERVICES_PLIST`.

Reviewer: Let's give more details on how to do it:

> To encode your file you can do: 
> ```bash
> echo ios/Nova/GoogleService-Info.plist | base64
> ```

### 3. Create Android App

Go to Project Settings and create new Android app.

Download the **google-services.json** file and save as `./android/app/google-services.json`.

> If using App Center, base64 encode this file and add it as an env var `$GOOGLE_SERVICES_JSON`.

Reviewer: Same here:

> To encode your file you can do: 
> ```bash
> echo android/app/google-services.json | base64
> ```

Download the **GoogleService-Info.plist** file and save as `./ios/<appName>/GoogleService-Info.plist`.

If using App Center, base64 encode this file and add it as an env var `$GOOGLE_SERVICES_PLIST`.

> To encode your file you can do: `echo ios/[YOUR_PROJECT_NAME]/GoogleService-Info.plist | base64`

Reviewer: Alright, last minor changes, let's be consistent with the path above

```suggestion
To encode your file you can do: `echo ./ios/<appName>/GoogleService-Info.plist | base64`
```

### 3. Create Android App

Go to Project Settings and create new Android app.

Download the **google-services.json** file and save as `./android/app/google-services.json`.

If using App Center, base64 encode this file and add it as an env var `$GOOGLE_SERVICES_JSON`.

> To encode your file you can do: `echo android/app/google-services.json | base64`

Reviewer: And add the `./` here

```suggestion
To encode your file you can do: `echo ./android/app/google-services.json | base64`
```
